ShowCueWeb
==========

A pure HTML5 web app for cueing audio, video, images and HTML for stage performance.

Only tested on Chrome v40. HTML5 features like AudioContext API, FileSystem API and Media Element are used.

Demo: http://sam0737.github.io/ShowCueWeb/

This webapp was created for my one-off show performance, it might or might not fit your needs.
And I don't plan on maintaining it, but I hope it serve as a resource for learning the power of HTML5 nevertheless.
Feel free to fork the project as you see fit.

Usage
-----

### Storage and Local Setup

Configuration data are stored locally in HTML5 File System Storage. 
Media files are merely referenced but not stored in any storage.

The web server side is totally static. But even if running locally, you will 
need to setup a local web server and serve it over http://localhost instead
of files://..., because of complicated permission issue.

### Basic Usage

#### To Start

1. Drag a workspace folder containing some audio files (mp3, m4a, mp4, ogg, etc)
2. Click "Add+" to add some audio files into the library (left pane).
3. Single click the audio file in the libary to insert a audio cue (right pane).
4. Press space to GO and get the audio playing
5. Press ESC to stop

#### Configuration

Configure are automatically saved in the Local Filesystem, and load automatically.
Optionally it could be downloaded for backup purposes (Button on the navbar), and if the workspace contains "config.js", it will be used instead.

#### Adding Video/Image/HTML cue

1. Double click the channel name (the header of the cue list), add a screen and configure accordingly
2. Position the popup screen accordingly (maybe to a projector screen and F11 to full-screen if needed)
3. Now you could cue ogv, webm, png, gif, jpg and html files.

### Advanced Usage

#### Renaming

Channel and cue description could be changed by single clicking on the text.

#### Cue Configuration

By default, only one cue will be played upon GO.
Several cues could go together, press Enter or double click the cue media item to config the Go Mode accordingly.

By default, playing a cue will stop/remove the previous playing cue in the same channel.
Unless the previous cue were checked with "Allow Overlap?".

Several more configurations are self explanatory

* delay (in seconds)
* gain (1 for normal)
* range and offset (in seconds)

#### Audio Control

Fading in the middle could be controlled by audio control cue.

#### Visual Control

##### Style

Style could be supplied in the video/image/html and Visual Control Cue item, which is very useful for animation control.

For example:

    #$ID$ { animation: $ID$ 3s linear both; }
    @keyframes $ID$ { from {opacity: 1;} to {opacity: 0;} }

would fade an element away in 3s. $ID$ will be replaced with the actual random ID used automatically.

Similarily, positional keyframes could be used for animation.

Check "Listen AnimationEnd as ending signal." and "At the end, kill active clip." to prevent hidden HTML elements from accumulating.

##### Scripting

Javascript could also be supplied in Visual Control Cue. JQuery and AngularJS are available.
If it returns a promise(), that promise resolution will be used for ending signal.

##### Initial position

In video/image/html cue item, the postiion could be specified in the format of http://jqueryui.com/position/.
Syntax like this could be used:

    My: center top+30
    At: left+20% center

The size of Image/Video are determined automically - for HTML element the width and height must be specified.

##### Screen size

A transform style could be set in the channel > screen configure to accomodate actual screen layout - like scale(0.5)

##### Referencing media in HTML element

There is no way to reference any midea file in HTML element.  Though, you could use an inline data URL to include the data inline instead.

The data URL could be generated by dragging any file to the navbar "Drop to convert to Data URL".

### Control and Hotkey

Space - Go
ESC - Stop / Blackout
Ctrl+Up - Move to previous cue
Ctrl+Down - Move to next cue
Ctrl+Shift+Up - Shift up the current cue.
Ctrl+Shift+Down - Shift down the current cue
Double Click on the cue description - Jump to cue
Enter / Double click on the cue media item - Cue configuration
Drag the cue media item left or right - move it to another channel

### Troubleshooting

Pay attention to the Javascript console for any faliure messages if it's not 
acting as expected.

### Known Problem

* Library Preview only works on audio file

License
-------

The MIT License (MIT)

Copyright (c) 2015 Sam Wong

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.


3rd Party Dependency
--------------------
* [AngularJS 1.3.9 (MIT)](http://angularjs.org/)
* [Angular UI Bootstrap (MIT)](http://angular-ui.github.io/bootstrap/)
* [angular-filesystem (Unknown)](https://github.com/maciel310/angular-filesystem)
* [Angular-xeditable (MIT)](http://vitalets.github.io/angular-xeditable/)
* [AngularJS - bg-splitter (MIT)](http://blackgate.github.io/bg-splitter/)
* [Bootstrap 3 (MIT)](http://getbootstrap.com/)
* [Bootswatch Cyborg (MIT)](http://bootswatch.com/)
* [ng-sortable (MIT)](https://github.com/a5hik/ng-sortable)
* [ngContextMenu (MIT)](https://github.com/Wildhoney/ngContextMenu)
* [jQuery 1.11.1 (MIT)](http://jquery.com)
* [jQuery UI 1.11.2 (MIT)](http://jqueryui.com/)
* [Prefixfree (MIT)](http://leaverou.github.io/prefixfree/)
